# -Green-Campus-Challenge-Reclamation-of-computing-waste-heat-Used-as-a-heating-source-at-campuses.

Green Campus Challenge (https://mitdkinnovation.nos.co/#hero)

The Green Campus Challenge is a competition of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (USA) with the aim of sharing and developing cross-cultural ideas with an international network of students, campus stakeholders, academic and entrepreneurship experts, and some of the most innovative companies in the world. The aim is to work together to bring our climate change strategies together and to make campuses green, from the first idea to something feasible.

In addressing certain existing environmental concerns in campuses, one approach is to reconsider and turn current waste sources into an asset that can be used in another sector, instead of considered to be a waste product. This would reduce the number of resources introduced to the system and generate value in another part of the system that would otherwise require virgin resources. The idea presented here would create one of the multiple systems to be used to solve campus waste problems.

In order to ensure the sustainability of campuses, the concept of our project consists of two parts, a user's virtual machine and heat recovery that the servers operating on the Campus heating system will use. There is a forum to measure activities requiring a great deal of computing ability for students and personnel. The idea is to broaden the principle of using a virtual machine so that users (students, researchers, and staff) can use their platform instead of their computers to measure all their work-related tasks. If computer power is transferred to one central area instead of being placed on personal computers, the university can then tap into the produced heat waste from these servers, and turn it into the heat used on the inner campus to heat buildings.

In addition, the project has reached a solution that saves and makes energy on campuses more sustainable. It also focused on the priorities of sustainable development goals(SDGs 4, 7, 9, 11, 10, 12, and 13). Our proposal, Reclamation of computing waste heat: The top six ideas that qualify for semifinals could be produced as a heating supply on campuses and highly regarded by the jury.
